Clarify instructions of template exercise (#476)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: code/templates/README.md

Beginners
* Look at the `OrderedVector` code
* Compile and run `playwithsort.cpp`. See the ordering

> * Extend `playwithsort.cpp` and demonstrate that `OrderedVector` works with `Complex` as element type as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In `playwithsort.cpp`, create a second `OrderedVector` with `Complex` as element type. The class should compile without modifications.
```
